## What _is_ a "cooperative studio", anyway?

Gamma Space recognizes that many of the barriers independent artists face are made worse by the isolation and competition capitalism encourages. This is true of both systemic oppressions - where people with marginalized identities are excluded, or tokenized - and the economic inequities that make financial sustainability feel out of reach. Our cooperative studio challenges these norms by **collectivizing resources** and **redefining value** through a holistic, community-minded lens. Our Peer Accelerator helps members develop games with end-to-end support from the entire cooperative. After release, equitable SEAL agreements bring resources back into the community and seed future projects. This way, **the challenges AND successes of creative labor are shared by all**.

## How do you stay organized without any hierarchy? Who's driving this flying umbrella??

Basically, **we _all_ are**. Community empowerment, mutual accountability, and transparent protocols and practices are baked into Gamma Space from the ground up. This starts with our multi-week member onboarding process - where we teach **Value Flow** and our **Peer Accelerator** model - and continues through role shadowing, shared/rotating governance, and regular community temperature checks to navigate the ups and downs of working together. Does this mean we never have conflict? Of course not! But shared values, a clear code of conduct, and ample opportunities for participation give us a strong foundation from which to support and challenge each other.

## That sounds great, but I've got bills to pay. Where does the money come from?

Much as we'd like to exist outside a world where even basic necessities are pay-to-play, we know that livelihood income is vital to individual and community survival. To offset this burden, we're actively securing **social-impact investment**, **grants**, and other more **sustainable forms of funding** for community and member projects. Meanwhile, our **Value Flow** model encourages a diverse exchange of monetary and in-kind resources as members develop and produce work. Just as importantly, participation in Gamma Space is scalable - we're more interested in a healthy ratio of personal-community contributions than a fixed number of hours or activities. None of these solutions is a panacea, but we believe these are the first steps towards **long-term regeneration and stability**.

## I've heard of housing/grocery/professional co-ops before. Is this the same thing? 

Yes, but no! Most "traditional" cooperative structures focus on ownership - usually a profit-sharing model where everyone who participates is an equal stakeholder in the business. Gamma Space is a legal cooperative along these lines, but we are also a **non-profit organization**. This means that the revenue we generate - whether through impact investment or member projects - **must flow regeneratively back into the community**. As we've noted, this _doesn't_ mean that we don't get financial support for our work! But it's core to our model that the value we create exists for everyone's benefit. We're not an incubator or an office lottery pool; **we're fighting for a paradigm shift in community sustainability**.