## What do we mean by "video games as a medium for change"?

As a community, one of our shared values is turning our love of video games into a **practice of personal and social reflection, accountability, and growth**. This work happens at many levels and in many forms, depending on each member's journey. It shows up in the **content of our games**, the **ways we collaborate**, and our **resistance to social and economic forces** that create harm. What matters most is that we all treat these challenges as fundamental to and inextricable from our lives as creators.

## What's the difference between "like-mindedness" & "shared values"?

**Like-mindedness** often refers to a general orientation towards a common goal without a lot of specificity as to how to get there. We believe that this isn't enough to guarantee engagement with our ideals. Instead, we need **shared values** - structures and protocols for documenting our work, resolving conflict, and equitably distributing resources. This doesn't mean we're inflexible or unaccommodating - we work hard to build accessibility into all our shared systems - but we've learned through practice that community isn't just something you _say_; it's something you _do_.

## What do we mean by "challenging systemic norms"?

It's getting more common for creative communities to talk about oppression, marginality, and other forms of inequity. Recognizing the injustices woven into the systems and structures that shape our worlds is vital. But what _exactly_ are we referring to, and why? Gamma Space knows that **white supremacy**, **colonialism** (historical and ongoing), **cisheteropatriarchy**, and **ableism** are _fundamental_ to so-called Canadian society and its institutions and industries - including media. We understand that **racism**, **sexism**, **transphobia**, **classism** and more aren't "exceptions to the rule" but hallmarks of the _system working as intended_. We acknowledge the **intersectional nature of oppressions** and the compounding harms of state and structural violence. Above all, we are committed as individuals and community members to proactively naming and relentlessly challenging these dynamics in our work and lives.

## What about "anti-capitalism"? That sounds a lot like working for free...

Trust us, we value our labour, and we value yours too! When we say "capitalism," we're referring to both the dominant global economic system - which puts profit and growth over just about _everything_ - and the linked forces of social oppression mentioned above. We know there are lots of people out there arguing for "ethical" or "responsible" capitalism, but in our experience, these types of reforms generally just mean inviting a greater diversity of people into the same toxic hierarchies of competition and private gain. Instead, our **community investment model** and **value flow** system shifts the focus to capturing the full breadth of material, emotional, and personal contributions we each make while providing a transparent structure for equitable compensation – whether that's cash, exchanged time and expertise, or other relevant forms of community support!